we get the best of both worlds the
fastest reflexes modern technology has
to offer on more computer assisted
memory and a lifetime of on the street
law-enforcement programming is my great
pleasure to present to you
Robocop
this guy is really good he's not a guy
he's a machine
cool Detroit has a cancer cancer is
crime let the woman go you are under
arrest
yes you better back out pal
got your move crepe what are you prime
directors you have the right to remain
silent
you're up the right to an attorney
anything you say may be used against you
it's a sideboard you idiot we recorded
every word you said yeah we killed you
his memories admissible as evidence
I'm gonna have to kill it
yeah forgot
Robocop the future of law enforcement
you